{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Homework 3 \'97 User Stories\
\

\b Gorilla vs. Bear
\b0 \
music blog \'97 http://gorillavsbear.net\
\
1.) Sebastian is a 22 year old art major living in Boston, MA. Sebastian is heavily involved with the Independent music scene that Gorilla vs. Bear covers and is familiar with many of the artists featured on the blog. He is a frequent visitor who checks for new posts about four to six times a week. Every month he downloads the monthly mix tape and he even owns a Gorilla vs. Bear t-shirt.  Sebastian is very tech-savvy and he uses various social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, Bandcamp and SoundCloud.\
\
2.) Fabienne is a 29 year old barista living in Austin, TX. She overheard someone at work talking about the blog. At the end of her shift she went to the blog using the iPhone web browser, hoping to hear some good music on the commute home. She's not familiar with most of the bands featured on the blog and she has no idea what to expect from the music. She uses her iPhone for lots of things and is comfortable with the interface, but she frowns upon social media. Fabienne does not have a Facebook or Twitter account because she feels that it dilutes her her interpersonal relationships. She's pretty alternative.\
\
\
\

\b High Pop\

\b0 band page \'97 http://highpopforever.bandcamp.com\
\
1.) Brad is a 21 year old graphic design student living in Boston, MA. He's a big fan of High Pop and has seen them play at basement shows multiple times. He owns physical copies of all their albums and is friends with one of the band members. He is very tech-savvy and has an account on almost every social media site you could think of. Brad has an affinity toward cassette tapes and vinyl records. He likes to make things with his hands and considers himself crafty. He sews band patches onto his tattered denim jacket with dental floss. He's so DIY.\
\
2.) Kate is a 16 year old high school student living on Cape Cod. She first heard of High Pop from a friend at school and decided to Google search them when she got him using her MacBook Pro. Kate uses Safari and isn't extremely familiar with social media platforms outside of Facebook and Tumblr. She has never heard of SoundCloud or Bandcamp. She enjoys the beach and nature and likes to take things slow. Kate is pretty chill for a teenager. \
\
\

\b Sam Jennings\

\b0 portfolio \'97 http://???????.com\
\
1.) Jen is a 43 year old art director living in Boston, MA. She frequents AIGA events and enjoys theatre and the symphony. Jen met an interesting young design student last weekend at the AIGA conference. Curious to see his work, she went to the website listed on the business card he gave her while on lunch break. She uses her 27 inch Mac monitor (that cost twice the student's rent) and Google Chrome to view the portfolio site. She is very comfortable behind a computer. \
\
2.) Jason is a 33 year old Boston native who recently founded a startup company from his apartment. He is low-budget, minimal, and extremely tech savvy. Jason uses his iPhone and iPad in most presentations with potential investors and spends a decent amount of time traveling. He received an application for the UI/UX design job posted on the company website and checked out the portfolio site on his iPad while waiting for a flight at Logan Airport. }